tabs/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
# multilingual page pair id, this must pair with translations of this page. (This name must be unique)
lng_pair: id_about

# image for page specific usage
img: ":../default/PXL_20240826_104146904.webp"
# publish date (used for seo)
# if not specified, site.time will be used.
#date: 2022-03-03 12:32:00 +0000

# for override items in _data/lang/[language].yml
#title: My title
#button_name: "My button"
# for override side_and_top_nav_buttons in _data/conf/main.yml
#icon: "fa fa-bath"

# seo
# if not specified, date will be used.
#meta_modify_date: 2022-03-03 12:32:00 +0000
# check the meta_common_description in _data/owner/[language].yml
#meta_description: ""

# optional
# please use the "image_viewer_on" below to enable image viewer for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image viewer can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_viewer_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_viewer_on: true
# please use the "image_lazy_loader_on" below to enable image lazy loader for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image lazy loader can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_lazy_loader_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_lazy_loader_on: true
# exclude from on site search
#on_site_search_exclude: true
# exclude from search engines
#search_engine_exclude: true
# to disable this page, simply set published: false or delete this file
#published: false
---
## About Us


Team NITRo is a rescue robot development team operated by students from the Sato Laboratory at Nagoya Institute of Technology.

The team is currently developing a crawler-type robot named IMAX2, and participates in competitions such as RoboCup and the World Robot Summit.

## Main Objectives
- Navigating rough terrain, manipulator-based operations, remote control, mapping, autonomous navigation, as well as image recognition and image processing are the main objectives.
- The team is advancing both hardware fabrication from CAD design and software development using ROS (C++/Python).

## Achievements
- **RoboCup 2024**: Participated in the RoboCup Rescue Robot League with IMAX2, achieving a commendable performance.
- **RoboCup 2025**: Scheduled to participate in the RoboCup Rescue Robot

## Robots
- **IMAX2**: A crawler-type rescue robot designed for navigating complex environments and performing rescue operations.
- **IMAX**: A large size crawler-type rescue robot, which was the predecessor of IMAX2 and participated in the RoboCup 2024 competition.

- **KAMUY**: Legged Robot

## OnGoing Projects
- **WRS 2025** : Participating in the World Robot Summit 2025 with IMAX2, focusing on advanced rescue operations.
<!-- {%- comment -%} Please delete below and place your page content here {%- endcomment -%}

{%- include util/auto-content-generator.liquid -%}
{{ website_info_text_first }}

{{ website_info_text_second }} -->

Commit message:

Add team member section to about page and include profile image

tabs/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
# multilingual page pair id, this must pair with translations of this page. (This name must be unique)
lng_pair: id_about

# image for page specific usage
img: ":../default/PXL_20240826_104146904.webp"
# publish date (used for seo)
# if not specified, site.time will be used.
#date: 2022-03-03 12:32:00 +0000

# for override items in _data/lang/[language].yml
#title: My title
#button_name: "My button"
# for override side_and_top_nav_buttons in _data/conf/main.yml
#icon: "fa fa-bath"

# seo
# if not specified, date will be used.
#meta_modify_date: 2022-03-03 12:32:00 +0000
# check the meta_common_description in _data/owner/[language].yml
#meta_description: ""

# optional
# please use the "image_viewer_on" below to enable image viewer for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image viewer can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_viewer_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_viewer_on: true
# please use the "image_lazy_loader_on" below to enable image lazy loader for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image lazy loader can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_lazy_loader_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_lazy_loader_on: true
# exclude from on site search
#on_site_search_exclude: true
# exclude from search engines
#search_engine_exclude: true
# to disable this page, simply set published: false or delete this file
#published: false
---
## About Us


Team NITRo is a rescue robot development team operated by students from the Sato Laboratory at Nagoya Institute of Technology.

The team is currently developing a crawler-type robot named IMAX2, and participates in competitions such as RoboCup and the World Robot Summit.

## Main Objectives
- Navigating rough terrain, manipulator-based operations, remote control, mapping, autonomous navigation, as well as image recognition and image processing are the main objectives.
- The team is advancing both hardware fabrication from CAD design and software development using ROS (C++/Python).

## Achievements
- **RoboCup 2024**: Participated in the RoboCup Rescue Robot League with IMAX2, achieving a commendable performance.
- **RoboCup 2025**: Scheduled to participate in the RoboCup Rescue Robot

## Robots
- **IMAX2**: A crawler-type rescue robot designed for navigating complex environments and performing rescue operations.
- **IMAX**: A large size crawler-type rescue robot, which was the predecessor of IMAX2 and participated in the RoboCup 2024 competition.

- **KAMUY**: Legged Robot

## Team Members
- **Kotaro Kanazawa**: Team Leader and Developer

      ![kotarokanazawa](:member/kotaro.jpg)
      Team Leader and Developer

      Interest: Motion Planning for Crawler Robot, Autonomous Navigation, Teleoperation, Virtual Reality, and Localization and Mapping.

      - Twitter: [@clp13214](https://x.com/clp13214)
      - GitHub: [kotarokanazawa](https://github.com/kotarokanazawa)

## OnGoing Projects
- **WRS 2025** : Participating in the World Robot Summit 2025 with IMAX2, focusing on advanced rescue operations.
<!-- {%- comment -%} Please delete below and place your page content here {%- endcomment -%}

{%- include util/auto-content-generator.liquid -%}
{{ website_info_text_first }}

{{ website_info_text_second }} -->
